hey guys its limit here so today I
wanted to share with you guys my top 5
hair tips now these are just tips that
I've noticed it helped the quality of my
hair I know we all have different hair
textures along with different opinions
about certain things but I kind of just
want to share with you guys on what I've
noticed has helped my hair so my first
tip for you guys is drying my hair with
a cotton t-shirt oh my god that has
changed my life so just simply using a
cotton t-shirt versus a towel when I get
out of the shower um I've noticed has
cut down a lot of the frizz that I used
to see in my hair it's cut a lot of the
dryness I'll I noticed that before when
I used to use a towel to dry my hair
when I used to wrap it up and just leave
it in the towel once I would let my hair
down my hair would be really really dry
um you know I don't have that issue now
with using the cotton t-shirt it's
really just help my hair even when i
style it um notice a tremendous
different so that's my first tip for you
guys um tip number two so my second tip
for you guys is a hot oil treatment so
I've been doing hot oil treatments at
home I just buy everything um fresh and
I make it here at the house basically
what I do is I use coconut oil castor
oil and olive oil together I used on all
three and I put them in a double boiler
what I do is I use about a tablespoon to
two of each oil and I'll put it in the
double boiler once it's a hot what I do
is I section my hair into four and
really just distribute the oil
throughout my hair comb it through make
sure everything is nice and saturated
and I like to let it sit for at least an
hour if you have longer than great if
you want to leave it on overnight even
better you know but that's just
something that I've noticed has helped
just the overall quality of my hair it's
giving it more Sheen
it's helped like the texture of my hair
I've even used it on my daughter's hair
and I've noticed a difference so that's
something that might really help you
guys with your hair I tried to do that
at least um once a week if you can do it
more often than that you know that's
better but that is tip number two um tip
number three is um I like to trim my
hair at least every three months I don't
always get around to doing it every
three months but I try to do it at least
every three months especially since my
hair is been kind of damage from me
trying to lighten it it's kind of been a
little bit through the wringer and it's
gotten really really dry so just the
trim itself has done my hair's wonders
like the pieces that that don't curl and
the ends that look really dark I mean
some of my ends are still really dry now
because uh the damaged pieces are not
all the way you know grown out yet but
I'm just the trim itself has helped my
hair a lot I've noticed my hair is just
got a lot more bounce to it it just
looks a lot more healthier just overall
just a lot better um and I mean I would
recommend it as well if you use a lot of
the styling tools like the flatirons the
curling irons blow dryers whatever if
you have chemically treated here a trim
will do your hair wonders um yeah so
that's my third tip for you guys um my
fourth tip I know there's been a lot of
controversy with this one but it's
baking soda um you know I may not work
for you you might not like using baking
soda on your hair but for me personally
it's actually helped my hair um quite a
bit I don't use it often now I wouldn't
recommend you use it like on a weekly
basis or anything like that but I use it
maybe once a month and I use it as like
a clarifying shampoo so what it does is
it
helps remove all the build for your hair
so if you use like hairspray or mousse
and even some of your shampoos and
conditioners what they do is they create
buildup on your hair so if you don't get
rid of the build-up the products that
you continue to put on your hair um
they're your you're not going to be able
to see their full potential because you
have all that buildup on your hair so I
mean I think doing it once a month um
isn't gonna really kill your hair you
know but then again it's it's your
opinion I've noticed with my hair when I
do do it there's like some more bounce
in my hair their shine in my hair but
then I you know like I said I don't do
it often um i would recommend it just
maybe once a month and the way i do is i
take a tablespoon of baking soda and
i'll mix it in with my shampoo or
conditioner whatever I amazing and I
just lather like I would normally wash
my hair in the shower rinse it out and
that's it I've read that you should
follow up with apple cider vinegar but I
haven't personally tried it I've only
tried the baking soda and I've actually
like the results from it so then again
that's just my opinion may not work for
you but I like it alright so my fifth
and final tip for you guys is gonna be
probably the most important out of all
of them and its nutrition vitamins and
nutrition for myself personally I've
noticed a big difference when I got
pregnant just because I started taking
better care of myself I started taking
well I kind of already was a big on
juicing that I started juicing a bit
more I started taking more vitamin
started watching what I ate a little bit
more and I noticed a big difference in
my hair and in my skin as a result so I
know there's some people that don't
believe in taking vitamins don't think
you need to take vitamins you know
that's just my personal opinion I've
noticed a change like I said in my hair
it's grown
lot faster I think I dyed it maybe it's
been maybe a little less than a year now
and I have maybe that much new new
growth so it's about like they're so
it's grown fairly quickly so this is all
this would be new growth here so I mean
just as a result of me taking better
care of myself so that that does play an
important role if you're not eating
right or you're not taking care of
yourself you can't really expect it to
show through you have to make sure you
know you know you take good care of
yourself or you know if you're not into
eating healthy maybe taking a vitamin I
mean I always recommend eating healthy
along with the vitamin but if you're not
into it at least take you know a vitamin
just because it's it has made a
difference in my opinion with me um but
yeah girls that's um pretty much it for
this video I hope you enjoyed watching
and I hope some of you guys can benefit
if not from all these tips at least one
um and yeah I just hope you guys enjoy
watching and I'll see you guys next time
bye guys